c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.exe.config
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.exe
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.pdb
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.Form1.resources
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.exe
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.pdb
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Jan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.prijava.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.exe.config
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.exe
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.pdb
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.exe
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.pdb
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.Form1.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.prijava.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.exe.config
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.exe
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.pdb
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.exe
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MojVrt.pdb
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.Form1.resources
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.prijava.resources
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.registracija.resources
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.dodajVrt.resources
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.meni.resources
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.izbor_vrta.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.dodajVrt.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.izbor_vrta.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.meni.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.registracija.resources
F:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.vrt_podrobnosti.resources
D:\MojVrt\MojVrt\obj\Debug\MojVrt.vrt_podrobnosti.resources
